What do you do when life is serving you
challenges and difficulties and stones
in your way? You simply can't be
feminine, right? You can only be
feminine when you're privileged, when
you have a lot of money, when you are in
a position where you can just do
nothing. If that's what you believe,
then this video is especially for you.
Hi guys, and welcome back to my channel.
My name is Michaela and today we're
going to talk about how you can get
through challenges in life in a soft and
feminine way. Let's get into this. I
want you to know that my life is not
perfect. And sometimes I receive
comments from people saying, "Yeah, you
can do that because you're privileged.
You can do that because you're
beautiful." Of course, it's easy for you
because you were born with money. First
of all, why do you think that you need
to be in a privileged position to live
your best life? Why do you think that
you are a victim of your circumstances?
My dear baby girl, I am not living a
more privileged life than you do. And as
you can hear from my voice, I am right
now not being in my best state. I am
right now going through difficulties in
my life. But do I give up? Do I let
difficulties take the hand over me? Do I
sit in the corner crying and telling
myself, "I'm done. Life is so unfair and
everyone is more successful than me.
Everyone has a better life than me. Why
is God punishing me?" No, I don't. And
that's the only difference between you
and me. I might will tell you exactly
what I'm going through right now once
it's over. Because I do not believe in
overtalking about struggles. All you do
with complaining and explaining your
struggles over and over again is to
reaffirming and reinstating it in your
life. If you are now in a situation in
your life where everything feels
unstable, everything feels like life is
falling apart and you first call your
bestie and say how terrible your life
is, then you call your grandma and tell
her that life is so unfair. Then you're
calling your ex-boyfriend. All you do is
to reaffirm this very situation that you
are in right now. You have to get out of
that state. Believe me, it's not
feminine at all if you keep crying over
your circumstances. It's not feminine if
you keep complaining and keep saying how
bad it is. Tell yourself, "This doesn't
define me or my life, whatever is
happening right now is here to tell me
something. Whatever is happening right
now is here to test me if I'm ready for
the next stage." The older you get, your
struggles are getting bigger and bigger.
Why do you think that your last
challenge you had been through was less
challenging than the one you're going
through right now? It's because life
wants to test you. God wants to test
you. If you still believe and are ready
to take the next step. The more
successful you are in life, the more you
reach and get what you want in life, the
more your responsibility will be. And
only when you are ready to overcome a
situation, a challenge with grace, with
calmity, with a sense of yes, it hurts
me. I am stressed for a moment, but
that's it. After that, I'm looking for
solutions. You have to know the more
quick you are able to get out of a
situation, the more quick you are able
to find solutions of a challenge, the
more quick you will first of all
overcome it. And second of all, the more
blessings are on the way to you because
every responsibility, every hardship
comes also with the same amount of
blessing, with the same amount of
goodness. At the end of the day, you are
not a victim of your life. You're not a
victim of your circumstances.
You are not a victim at all. Never. You
are a creator of your life. You're
creating whatever happens right in front
of you. And even though you don't like
what happens right in front of you, you
created it. And only when you start to
take the responsibility and start to
say, okay, whatever is happening right
now is absolute BS, is absolute bad, but
it's my responsibility that this
happened to me. It's my responsibility
to get out. Someone else treating you
badly is their responsibility. But it's
your responsibility to get out of that
state, to get out of that relationship,
to remove yourself from a person. If you
are not locked up, if nobody is
handcuffing you and forcing you to stay
somewhere, then you are the responsible
one. You are the one and only person
that can do something about it. Now the
first thing I want you to do is to get
out of that victim mindset. You have to
start taking responsibility for
everything you do and for everything
that happens around you. Let's say you
are with your family but your family is
treating you very badly. Your family is
not respecting you. Nobody is supporting
you. You can go now to be a keyboard
warrior and start to be mean to other
people and try to bring them down
because that will make you feel better.
talk to everyone on the street and tell
them how bad your life is and how much
of a victim you are. But ultimately,
again, you're only reaffirming that very
states that you're in right now. And you
will create more of it. You're stuck in
that emotion. You're drowning, of
emotions, of sadness, of anger, of
frustration. Yeah, please do express
your emotions. Cry when you feel sad. Be
angry. be frustrated but do not let it
linger in your body. You have to let it
out once. Go home, go to your friends,
cry out once and then start to look for
solutions. You simply look at the
situation. You are with your family.
They are treating you badly. You want to
first of all protect yourself, your
space, your grace, your security. Now
you're looking through what can you do?
Now you came out of your victim mindset
looking for solutions. If you're looking
for solutions, most of the time you
cannot find them only by yourself within
yourself. You need to go out. You need
to ask for help and you need to be
brave. Say to other people, hey, I made
a mistake. I put myself in a position
that is really bad right now, but I am
willing to get out of this situation. I
am willing to do whatever it takes. I
need your help. Of course, you need
money to live a life, a feminine life, a
masculine life. Whatever life you want
to live, you need money to survive. When
you always keep being dependent on your
family, on other people, you are not
able to take care of yourself. You're
not able to set boundaries because why
should someone respect your boundaries
when you cannot even live without them?
Thank God nowadays it's very easy to
make money. Money can come in from
different types of streams. It's not
even limited to beautiful people to
successful people to men to women. It's
not limited to anyone or anything. There
are people who run marathon who do not
have legs. Whatever reason you're using
to explain why you're in the position
that you are in is simply an excuse to
not doing what is necessary to not
wanting to use your brain to create
something that will help you to get out
of your situation. As I already said,
it's very easy to make money. You can
make money for example with social
media. Do not tell me now, hey, I don't
want to show my face. I don't want to do
social media. Then do faceless content.
There are content pages who are simply
reusing other people's content, redoing
it and bringing their own creation into
that content and making 10k of dollars
every month. You can also get a job, do
babysitting, go pet walking, you can do
coaching, you can do so many things. And
while it's important to just start and
do anything, I want you to also focus on
what you can do best. What is your
blessing? Whatever you're going through
right now, you can use it to create
something out of it. At the end of the
day, when you're creating something that
is coming from here, that is coming from
your experience, this will be rewarded
because you're not only making money,
you're also bringing value to this
earth. You're creating something that
was starting in here. And you're not
brought on this earth to just do a 9 to5
and living in survival mode. You're
brought onto this earth for one very
specific reason. And everyone is here
for another reason. So you need to find
that one thing. Try yourself out. Ask
yourself, what do I like? What have I
been through that I could use to help
others? Do not think about making money
when you're thinking about your passion.
Think about what can I do to help
others. And in my case, I always do
videos about things that are helping me.
When I'm going through a situation, when
I'm being very emotional, when I am
going through challenges, I'm doing
videos about those exact topics because
they are helping me. And when something
is helping me, guess what? is helping
others as well. Not only I need to hear
the message right now that I should take
responsibility of what is happening in
my life that I should not drown myself
into sadness or self-pity that I should
look for solutions and that's why I'm
telling you start finding your
solutions. You're actually not looking
for solutions. Rephrase that you are
finding solutions.
Now when you have started to get out of
your victim mindset then you started to
look for solutions. You get out there.
You ask people to help you. You will
find solutions. Next I want you to
transmute your emotions. You will still
feel sadness. You will still feel anger,
frustration. You will still feel lost.
Maybe use those emotions to create
something that is beneficial for you and
your life and your future instead of
drowning. You have to stop lingering in
that emotions. You express them once you
cry, scream into that pillow and then
move on and use those emotions to fuel
you to do something. I use my struggles
and my emotions to create content, to
create videos, to create advice. And
when I'm really not in the mood to
create anything, then minimum I move. I
go to the gym, I go for a walk, I do
something that makes my emotion go out
of my body. When an emotion is stuck in
your body, you're also stuck in life.
Think about a moment you were really
sad. Let's say your first heartbreak or
your first time failing an exam. Maybe
you were just lying at home eating ice
cream, watching TV. But at the end of
the day, what did you progress in those
moments? Days, minutes, hours, lingering
in your emotions. I guess nothing. And
only the moment you decided to get out
to use your emotion to do something with
it. Is it revenge? Is it a glow up? Is
it studying harder? Whatever you did
after that was your decision. It was
your decision to stop lingering. If you
do not decide to stop lingering and do
not use that as fuel to do better and do
different, then you might would still
linger in that emotion in bed with ice
cream in front of your TV. That's why
even as a woman living in your feminine
energy, you need a certain amount of
discipline. No motivation can help you
to get out of a state where you are
emotionally feeling bad. There is zero
motivation. You need discipline. And
that's why it's so important to also
train that discipline muscle throughout
your life. Wake up early or minimum
every day at the same time. Do
everything you say you're going to do.
When you say, "I'm going to send you the
pictures. I'm going to upload this file.
I am going to study today. I'm going to
call you in 2 hours. Do it. Even though
you might not feel like doing it or
there is no motivation, if you say it,
you need to do it. That's how you train
your discipline muscle. The next thing I
want you to do is to talk to yourself as
you would talk to your best friend, as
you would talk to your daughter if you
have one, as you would talk to anyone
that is really, really close to you. and
shift perspective because when you are
shifting perspective you will be having
different ideas you will be having a
different kind of view on it and you are
more empathetic with yourself it's so
easy to say just talk good to yourself
just treat yourself kind just trust but
sometimes I know it's very difficult and
that's why I want you to shift put
yourself in the shoes of being your mom
what would your mom tell you right now?
What would your bestie tell you right
now? What would you tell your bestie if
she was in that same shoes? Would she
tell you just stay there and suffer? Or
would she tell you it's going to be
fine? You have to trust yourself, baby
girl. I'm here for you. I got you. We
are together in this. You're not alone.
I know it sounds a bit bizarre to tell
yourself you're not alone, but that's
literally what it is. You are not alone.
You're never alone. Even if you're alone
at home, even if you feel like there is
nobody around you, there are how many
billions of people on this earth. And
the only reason why you feel like you're
alone or you're lonely is because you
are seeing yourself as one. But you need
to detach your body and your soul.
You're actually two. You are your soul
that is limitless, that is living
forever. And you're also your flesh,
your body, your material physical body
that is not staying here on earth
forever. And you need to detach and tell
yourself, hey, we're together in this.
Your soul is always there, is never
leaving you. And your body has
experiences, emotions, which is amazing
that you can experience that. It's
amazing that you can see, that you can
hear, that you can talk, that you can do
things on this earth. And here I want
you to also detach from the situation.
You are not the situation. You are in
that situation. The situation is not
you. The emotion is not you. That
feeling that you experience is not you.
You can choose to feel and think
differently. You can choose to change
circumstances. You can choose to change
where you are physically. You can choose
to change where you are mentally. And
the fourth thing I want you to do is to
be grateful and have faith. As bad as
the situation seems to be, you have
already so much. And the most important
thing is to be grateful for what you
already have and focus on what you have
instead of focusing what you don't have.
Let's say you're sad because your family
is not there for you. But what do you
have? Do you have friends? Do you have
pets? Do you have a house to stay at? Do
you have water to drink? Do you have
ideas? Are you creative? Do you have a
boyfriend? Do you have a husband? Many
times we focus so much on what we don't
have that we forget what we already
have. And when we focus on what we don't
have, we are on a vibrational level that
makes us believe we really do not have
anything. And that also attracts more
situations in our lives that make us
feel like we do not have anything. You
need to get out of that state. You need
to tell yourself, I am so grateful for
what I have. And only then you will
attract situations that you will be more
grateful of. For example, when you are
in a bad mood, how many people do
approach you? How many opportunities
come to you? You are having that day
where everything is going wrong. You
woke up late, you missed the bus, you
spill the coffee, you fail the exam, bad
news from your bestie, your car breaks
down, one bad thing happens after the
other. Why? because you are on a
vibration that keeps testing you and
that keeps reaffirming and attracting
more of it. Whatever you are, you're
attracting. You can say, "Hey, I'm
fine." But if you feel like everything
is going wrong, everything will go
wrong. Shift perspective. You do all
these steps that I mentioned throughout
this video, you will start to attract
immediately good things. And you are
breaking the cycle. You're breaking that
bad day because you decided to. And
that's also where faith and belief in
yourself comes in. Because when you do
not believe in yourself, you're not even
in touch with your emotions, with how
you feel, with who you are, it's very
difficult to do all these steps. You
need to work on your mindset. Sit down
and do the work. Listen to videos.
Listen to people who are already where
you want to be. Listen to people who are
explaining to you how you can shift your
mindset. How you can shift the way
everything is in life just with your
mind. Do you know how many people are
going through really hard times? But at
some point in their life, suddenly
they're millionaires. Suddenly they are
having their dream life. This doesn't
happen because they are lucky. This
doesn't happen because they are
privileged. This happens because they
have learned their power of their mind
and they did their mindset work. They
were prioritizing their mindset before
everything else. For some people, it's
easy to be delusional because they
believe in themselves. And if it's not
easy for you, you need to ask yourself
why it's not easy for me and what can I
do to make it easy? What can I do to be
delusional? How can I start to believe
in myself? How can I start to have faith
that everything will work out? That
everything actually is already working
out. I am just experiencing challenges
right now. But that's just a stepping
stone that brings me closer. And once
you are in that mindset, everything will
go exactly that way.
But you need to believe first. You need
to have faith first. You need to
actually know because the belief alone
just puts you on a state of I believe
I'm gonna have it one day, but it's not
there yet. You actually need to be able
to shift that mindset. You need to be
and act like the person you want to be.
If you want to have a family that is
behind you, that supports you, act like
you would. If you want to have a million
dollar in your bank account, act like
you would. doesn't mean that you're
going to trust your family even though
they abuse you. Doesn't mean that you're
going to spend the rest of your $100
because you know already that you have a
million dollar. No, it means that you
ask yourself how would the person act
and be with the life that I want to
have. How would they act? How secure
would they be in themselves? How would
they deal with people who are not
treating them well? How would this
version of me deal with difficult
circumstances with difficult people? I
recommend you to do a table. On one
side, you write down how you feel right
now and below what you do daily. What
are your habits right now? On the other
side, you write down how the life looks
like that you want to live. Then below
you write down how you would feel and
below what are your daily habits. And
then you compare and the things that do
not align, you cross them out on this
side and you exchange them with what is
written on this side. And this way you
will be living your dream life sooner or
later. The more you can embody that
side, the more quick you will be living
your dream life. And I'm telling you
this not because I have a perfect life,
but because my life is not perfect. I
was not born privileged. And the more I
believe that only some people are
privileged and only some people are
meant to be soft and live a soft life,
the more I was living that life. But
only when I started to embody what I
want to be, only then my life started to
change. only that's why my life me I
look like I was coming from a privileged
family living a privileged life because
I chose to embody it. I chose to be and
live differently. I resigned from the
idea of what's realistic and what's
unrealistic because there is nothing
unrealistic.
You set your own realistic. You set your
own imaginary boundaries and if you set
them that small that's what you live.
You have to set them limitless. You do
not have any boundaries in what you can
reach or achieve and what you can't. You
just have to set your mindset to it and
ask yourself where is the solution? What
can I do right now? And even if it's
cleaning the toilet, even if it's going
from restaurant to restaurant, from pet
shop to pet shop, from place to place
and asking for a job, if that's what's
bringing you a solution right now,
that's what it is. And you have to know
that you are going to make it. You have
to know that this is just temporary and
it's a stepping stone to your success.
It's a stepping stone out of your
struggles. The feminine way to overcome
challenges and struggles in life is not
to sit back, cry, and wait until someone
comes to save you. The feminine way is
to take responsibility over your power.
Take responsibility of what you can do
to change. Take responsibility of your
circumstances and then take action. And
once you took action, trust and believe
and have faith in yourself. If you're
struggling with money, go and start
working towards your solutions. Start an
Instagram page, start a Facebook page,
start going job hunting. If you are
struggling with your family, start
looking for a way out. What can you do
to move out? How can you prepare? What
can you plan? What can you save already?
What can you do right now to plan your
move out? If you're with a man that
doesn't treat you well, that doesn't
make you happy, what can you do to set
boundaries? And then if the boundaries
are not being respected, what can you do
to change that situation? Break up, get
a divorce, remove yourself from someone
that drains you. Instead of trying to
teach a fish to fly, if you're
overweight, find solutions on what you
can do to lose weight. If you keep
attracting the same type of man and you
cannot find your true love, what is the
solution to changing who you attract?
You. It's always you and it always has
been. Thank you so much for watching. I
love you so, so much and we got this. I
see you in my next video. Bye-bye.